alright so yeah we just crushed dinner
well done see this guy photo department
it was good self we're all you nice
about yellow restaurant they had a rib
eye that was $95 I did not have that I
had the chicken I was very nice nice deh
oh yeah but yeah we're headed off to a
bar like a rooftop bar I guess there
should be strings like there's somewhere
actually I think so yeah we're gonna
work our way over there the night is
young see what we can do so I told you
we were going to the rooftop bar and we
are here the pool obviously closed off
it's definitely not warm enough to jump
in but we're on the rooftop in LA jack
will share look at that oh can you read
it we're gonna go downstairs and they
probably cannot see me although I'm
really really white in a train in the
dark so the contrast might work out all
right we heard the ping pong tables here
ping pong tables I heard a challenge
here Jo sefa is the vs. few tips HD if
we can get on this table it is gonna be
mayhem I'll buy the winner oh we already
got a call out we already got a call out
I for one I'm gonna videotape it cuz I
can't play I did not lie to you guys we
are in Oh hooking japes already playing
playing a game oh yeah money I got my
money that's funny we need shapes you
can see dude
you got a nut stain on your shirt here
champion of the world yeah yeah yeah all
right hold on come on come on this area
there we go hi let's show it
cartoons
I
Oh party foul
Oh
damn James come on
hey
Oh
seven up eight seven
barneys unraveling here oh wow nice good
mood good deal
nice that was a fucking spike
so we were actually able to snag a free
game of ping pong because that was
totally okay pay to play we're like like
oh yeah I'm how we're here we stay at
the hotel sigh quote room I'm like 4 12
and then he's like gonna you can play
coagula so we're off the metro coming
back to the hotel late night your
ranking well yeah we're gonna get back
to e3 tomorrow I actually see something
this today was more or less a blog day
this might be bonus footage because
nothing else is really going on so yeah